Docs: clarify isDefault usage for registerBlockStyles() (#11478)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/filters/block-filters.md

The example above registers a block style variation named `fancy-quote` to the `core/quote` block. When the user selects this block style variation from the styles selector, an `is-style-fancy-quote` className will be added to the block's wrapper.

> By adding `isDefault: true` you can make the registered style variation to be used as a fallback if no style in `registerBlockType()` has been set as the default.

Reviewer: Maybe something like?

> By adding `isDefault: true` you can mark the registered style variation as the one that is active without any custom className. 

(Or something in that vein, it's hard to explain :P)

> By adding `isDefault: true` you can make the registered style variation to be used as a fallback if no style in `registerBlockType()` has been set as the default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By adding `isDefault: true` you can mark the registered style variation as the one that is recognized as active when no custom class name is provided. It also means that there will be no custom class name added to the HTML output for the style that is marked as default.
```

Reviewer 2: How about the one I tried to rephrase? 😅

Reviewer: I like it.

Author: looks good and clear to understand :+1:
